Find the kth largest element in an array.
Find the missing number in an array of integers from 1 to n.
Find the median of two sorted arrays.
Find the longest increasing subsequence in an array.
Find all permutations of a string.
Generate all possible combinations of a string.
Check if two strings are anagrams.
Find the longest common prefix among an array of strings.
Find the shortest word distance between two words in a sentence.
Merge two sorted array lists.
Remove duplicates from a sorted array.
Find the longest palindrome substring in a string.
Find the longest palindromic subsequence in a string.
Count the number of palindromic substrings in a string.
Reverse words in a string.
Convert a string to an integer without using built-in functions.
Convert a Roman numeral to an integer.
Convert an integer to Roman numerals.
Find all possible anagrams of a string.
Find the average of all numbers in an array of objects.
Calculate the total value of items in a shopping cart object.
Remove duplicates from an array of strings while preserving the order.
Check if an object contains a specific property with a given value.
Convert an array of numbers into a comma-separated string.
Sort an array of objects by a specific property value.
Calculate the sum of even numbers in an array.
Find the longest word in a sentence stored as a string.
Convert an object into an array of key-value pairs.
Check if a string contains any numeric characters.
Merge two arrays of objects with common properties into a single array.
Extract all numbers from a string and calculate their sum.
Group an array of objects by a common property value into an object.
Find the median value of an array of numbers.
Reverse the words in a sentence while maintaining their order.
Implement a function to shuffle an array of numbers.
Convert a number to its Roman numeral representation.
Count the occurrences of each character in a string and store them in an object.
Implement a function to rotate elements of an array to the left by a specified number of positions.
Calculate the factorial of a given number.
Create an object representing a student with properties for name, age, and grades, and calculate their average grade.
Check if an array of numbers is sorted in non-decreasing order.
Find the first non-repeating character in a string and return its index.
Implement a function to pad a string with a specified character to a certain length.
Calculate the total cost of items in a shopping cart object with discounts applied.
Remove all vowels from a string and return the modified string.
Find the intersection of two arrays of numbers and return the common elements.
Convert a binary string to its decimal equivalent.
Check if an object is empty (contains no properties).
Generate a random alphanumeric string of a specified length.
Calculate the average value of each property in an array of objects.
Convert a temperature in Celsius to Fahrenheit and vice versa.
Implement a function to find the mode (most frequently occurring element) in an array.
Check if a string is a valid palindrome ignoring non-alphanumeric characters.
Calculate the sum of all prime numbers in an array.
Flatten an array of nested arrays into a single array.
Implement a function to find the second smallest number in an array.
Convert a string to title case (capitalize the first letter of each word).
Create a function that returns the Fibonacci sequence up to a specified length.
Calculate the product of all elements in an array except the current element.
Check if two objects have the same properties and values.
Generate a random password of a specified length with alphanumeric characters and symbols.
Find the longest substring of consecutive characters in a string.
Calculate the sum of digits in a given number.
Remove all falsy values (false, null, 0, "", undefined, and NaN) from an array.
Implement a function to find the difference between two arrays.
Check if an array of strings contains a specific word.
Convert a number to its English word representation.
Calculate the distance between two points represented as objects with x and y coordinates.
Implement a function to find the GCD (greatest common divisor) of two numbers.

/*
    Find the maximum subarray sum.
    Array: [-2, 1, -3, 4, -1, 2, 1, -5, 4]
    mx_sub = [4, -1, 2, 1]
    Maximum Subarray Sum: 6
*/